Hey.
Is the selection exam just like that?
Especially question 17.
Not rigorous at all
Really?
OK
Actually, I don't think it's right either.
or
Check with the teacher.
Hey, go ahead, I'm tired.
I'll go back for a while
Uh-huh.
24 Hey, there are still seven or eight people at the bottom for me
78 Hey, I already knew I couldn't get on it.
Lady, don't be too sad
I seem to be in
Yoshiko, you can do it!
Yoshiko, my score is higher than yours
How did you get in?
I don't know.
The list of this special training class is correct, right?
If there is a problem, Liu Qiang's grades have always been above mine.
I got into him instead
Do you remember?
I remember the last time I came over and asked him.
Episode 17 is a trap we designed
There are only four discoveries in the whole school
Priority will be given to admission.
In fact, Liu Xiang also discovered
But he didn't come.
Xu Ziliang, did you know?
Math is now more than problem-finding thinking.
And the spirit of inquiry
Xu Ziliang
You picked up a cheap one.